Hey, everyone.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Yeah, thanks for being here.
It's great to have you on the podcast, on YouTube as well.
So everyone watching, thank you for being here,
either live or afterwards.
We got comments or feedback, throw it out into the live chat
and I'll try to bring that in to our guests here.
And with that out of the way, let's go ahead and get started.
You tuned it, Ivan and Waylon, welcome to Talk Python Live.
and Waylon, welcome to Talk Python to Me.
- Thank you so much for having us.
- Yeah, thank you for inviting us.
- Yeah, it's fantastic to have you all here.
Let's start with just a little bit of your background,
since there's three of you, maybe not too long,
but how'd you all get into programming Python
into this Kedro project and so on?
Etunde, wanna start with you?
- Sure, so I'm a principal product manager on Kedro.
I've been with the project for actually exactly today, three years.
Oh, nice.
It's been three years.
How old is Kedro?
Just older than that.
Three years and eight months.
Yeah.
So you've been there most of the time.
That's fantastic.
Yeah.
Ivan has been there from the beginning, so he'll talk about that.
My background is mechanical engineering, and I would have been a user of Kedro.
We discovered, I think one of the coolest user interviews I've ever done was with my
former team.
it up on their own, which is amazing.
And I'm with Ivan now.
And oh, I work at Quantum Black.
That's the primary.
- Yeah, cool.
And yeah, okay, Ivan?
- Yeah, so I'm Ivan.
I'm a tech lead for Kedro.
Started, like, have been working with Quantum Black
for the last almost five years now.
Is it?
Yeah, five years.
And--
- But you've been there from the beginning,
as we hear?
- From the beginning for Kedro, not for the beginning.
- Yes, I mean.
- Or Quantum, yeah.
So initially it was a small internal tool
that was being developed by another two people
on our team, Nikos and Aris.
And then we decided to turn it into a product,
eventually started from scratch
and developed it into what it is.
Then we found out that things can get serious
and then that's how we hired Yetu
because we needed a PM as well as a proper product.
Yeah, otherwise my background is in software engineering,
all kinds of software engineering.
Started off as web developer.
I was very keen to do some game programming before that,
but I couldn't find jobs related to that.
Then it turns out--
- A lot of people are interested in doing game programming
until you actually get into the reality of it.
And the reality is it's a lot of times it can be a grind
and started a good job.
- I was gonna say that I'm quite lucky
that I didn't end up being a game programmer.
- It's not the first time I heard that, that's right.
- Yeah, so then I moved on to distributed systems
and I ended up doing data and AI at QB mainly.
So I'm kind of a newbie in the data field,
but being there for five years, kind of newbie.
(laughing)
- Wow, a lot of people are in that realm, right?
A lot of people are coming into
the whole data science side of things.
So, yeah, cool.
Waylon, how about you?
- All right, so my background is in mechanical engineering.
And probably around 2014, I started diving deeper
into the data side of things.
I had some family medical things that came up
and it kind of severely limited my ability to travel.
And slowly over time, I just kind of doubled down
into this side of things.
It was right around the time you started the show.
And a lot of what I've learned has either been directly
from this show or from like taking ideas from this show
and diving into them.
- Oh, awesome.
That's really cool.
Happy to bring that to you.
I think a lot of people who come from backgrounds
that don't, they're not like traditional CS backgrounds.
Right, they're kind of coming in through a side channel.
I feel like the podcast has offered a lot of connection
and extra information besides just what's on
like the docs page of some projects for people,
which is great, it's awesome to hear.
- Yeah, so now I'm a team lead for a data scientist,
data science team and do Python every day.
And we use Kedro pretty heavily in all of our projects.
- Interesting.
So before we move on to the topic,
give me a quick thought on comparing
mechanical engineering work life experience
to software development, Python developer experience.
How do you feel about where you are?
- I like where I'm at.
One thing that I kind of struggled with in mechanical engineering was there was a lot
of learning in college. There's a lot of things to learn and then you get in industry and
everything's kind of like walled off and the learning doesn't completely stop but it's very
hard to do.
Not right now.
Yeah.
Go to mama, okay? You go to mama. Go to mama. Mama will help you, okay?
Sorry.
[LAUGHTER]
Sorry, it's off mic.
We had a pre-show breakdown of, right now,
you got to go to mama instead of to me.
No worries at all.
Apparently it didn't work.
Anyways, so then on the software side,
a lot more things are open to learn.
Yeah.
There's a lot more resources that
are just out there in the open and not
behind proprietary IP patents and all that kind of stuff.
I think that works really well for me.
I'm a learner.
I don't promote the, is it Galt?
The personality study kind of things.
Always come out with learner is like the top thing for me.
- Nice, yeah, so it's a good fit.
Yeah, if you don't like to continually learn
and continually kind of reinvent yourself,
then software is probably,
And data science is probably not a super awesome place
because the lifecycle of these things.
I mean, if you want to take it to the extreme,
you could do JavaScript.
But most of us, we have at least a year on the technology
before we move on.
All right, now speaking of that, let's go ahead and get
into our main topic here.
And I want to kick this off by talking
about reproducible and maintainable data science.
So a little bit like engineering,
people are coming to data science
from these different angles, a lot of times
from computational stuff, from biology,
or from finance and economics or whatever.
And they don't necessarily come with a full, big set of,
oh, here's the software engineering lifecycle skill set.
Here's how I set up my continuous integration.
Here's my testing.
And a lot of times, it's like, look, I got it working.
We're kind of good.
You know what I mean?
So I think one of the areas the whole data science field
is working with is taking a lot of these folks
who are coming from non-traditional CS backgrounds
and helping them create more reproducible, reusable
bits of code, notebooks, maybe even code outside notebooks.
So let's maybe open the conversation there
'cause that's where Kedro focuses on helping data scientists
create reproducible, maintainable code.
Yotunde, do you wanna maybe kick us off with some thoughts
and where Kedro's philosophy is on this?
- So I guess if we actually break it down,
it's a Python framework that helps you
do those specific things.
And when we talk about it being a framework,
it's kind of embedded with best practices
and ways of structuring how you write code
so that you can get those reproducible, maintainable,
and modular data science code.
But if I go into each one of the definitions,
when we say reproducible, we kind of mean that
when I rerun this pipeline or rerun this experiment,
I should get the same result at the end.
So it shouldn't be any real surprises
that things have really changed
or things are really breaking.
When we talk about it being maintainable,
we now also add in an aspect of collaboration,
even for yourself, that if you come back to this code base
like three months from now or six months from now,
you should be able to know what was going on in it
and be able to modify and tweak it.
And other people should be able to do that with you too.
It's not really, it shouldn't be the biggest disaster
if the main code contributor has left
and you now have to try scramble
to figure out what's going on there.
And then when we talk about it being modular,
this is where we encompass
some of the software engineering principles
that you wouldn't ordinarily learn in,
maybe if you entered data science
from the mathematician space or even from the sciences,
where we think about you being able to break your code base
down into small units so that it's possible to think about things like reuse, but also
it's easier to do things like testing the code base as well.
So yeah, all of these things basically amount to Kedro basically trying to enforce software
engineering best practice, especially where you recognize that you might need help with
that.
Yeah.
One of the other areas that I've seen a lot of emphasis on the project about is collaboration.
And one of the things that can be challenging is if you're a data scientist working on a notebook,
you might run some cells, maybe on data that is live, and so the data might be slightly changing.
You check that into GitHub or source control.
you've got the results in sort of a scrambled up JSON file notebook,
and then someone else has rerun it at a different time,
and then they try to check it out.
Well, you end up with these conflicts and other issues.
So the sort of natural flow of,
hey, let's just check everything into Git,
and then we'll just synchronize over that,
can sort of fall apart with some of the traditional tooling of data science.
And that's definitely true.
I think Kedro's origins actually come from large teams,
upwards of like at least three or four data scientists
and data engineers, machine learning engineers
collaborating on the same code base,
upwards of, you know, to 12 people
having to work on the same code base.
If you're using a Jupyter Notebook
and trying to construct your entire pipeline in it,
I think the workflow would look kind of strange
with you waiting.
Maybe Waylon has some comment on like watching this
in practice of waiting for someone
to finish in the Jupyter Notebook
before you could have a go at it and try your things.
- Yeah, well, we had, during our engagement with McKinsey,
we were introduced to Kedro during kind of
the first iteration and then on the second.
- Yeah, and by the way, we've only talked
about Quantum Black so far,
but Quantum Black is like a subsidiary of McKinsey.
So yeah, right, this is all sort of the same organization
in a sense, right?
So that's why this is coming together, yeah?
- Yeah, good point.
But so the second half, they chose,
just due to familiarity, the people that we had with us,
it was their first time using Kedro,
and they're like, well, if we wanna move fast
on the second half, let's not try to do anything new,
and let's just do notebooks like we always have.
- Right, go back to what they know, sort of thing.
- Yeah, and the workflow there was definitely
like three people are on a project,
two people are sitting idle,
while one person has the notebook checked out.
- Oh my gosh.
Yeah, that sounds like old school
source safe type source control.
Someone's locked the files, no one else can edit it.
Like that's just, you know,
that's completely 1990s style.
Right, but it's a real problem.
I mean, some of these things are,
there's an attempt to address them
by having collaborative notebooks,
basically Google Docs type of experiences, right?
But usually those are in somebody else's cloud,
somebody else's compute cloud.
And so you're taking the trade-offs
of running it over there, right?
- Yeah, and there's multiple things
I think you're missing out on.
When we talk about even making a robust code base,
writing unit tests in a notebook,
writing doc strings in a notebook
becomes a little challenging.
And then we think about all the additional tools
that you have to add for collaboration.
How am I gonna do pull requests and review my friend's code?
because we know the way that, you know,
when you check in a Jupyter Notebook,
it's often with the weird JSON things.
So how do I do reviews of my team members code
so we can overall improve the code base?
And then some of the features as well
within notebooks like cache state as well,
cause issues down the line,
because I might be working on a version of my code
that when I rerun my entire Jupyter Notebook,
not everything will run.
So it's not necessarily like down with the notebooks
anything for sure. We believe that there's a space for them really for maybe doing exploratory
data analysis, trying to work out what's going on with the dataset. There's space for it with
initial pipeline development as well if you're still prototyping and you're not sure how things
are going to go. And then even for reporting maybe if you want like a more visual interface
for reporting. But when you talk about like code that I want to be able to run in three months,
six months, and many people will be using, it has to be in Python script and it's best supported
when it's in the framework.
Yeah, I think that's a good point.
You can definitely start in the notebook space
and then eventually move it over.
Now, one thing I do want to give a shout out to,
I don't remember the name, but you can set up a git pre-commit hook
that will strip out the metadata, the results of your notebook.
So that's kind of a fix, but it's still, it's not that amazing.
The other thing you talked about reproducibility,
one of the things that troubles me,
and I'm a fan of notebooks and I like it.
And I just on Python Bytes podcast,
we just talked about how JupyterLab
is now a desktop application.
They just released that like this week,
which is really cool.
So there's a lot of neat stuff happening around notebooks.
One of the things that I am not a big fan of though,
is the ability to reorder execution
or only execute part of it, right?
There's a lot of benefits to say, run the cell that computes
the data that's really expensive,
and then run this--
no, go back three cells, make a change here, run this one,
and then go back down four cells and run that one.
And it's kind of like a go-to with no explanation,
where you can jump around in different orders.
And that certainly doesn't lead to reproducibility
when it's up to the human's decision of, like,
I decided I felt like I wanted to make a tweak
and rerun that one.
And I forgot to run the intermediate step that used that.
It's very problematic for long-term reliability,
reproducibility and so on.
- I guess that's true.
There's quite a few studies, I think,
where people have tried to rerun notebooks.
I think there's one by NYU,
I think back in 2020 or 2019,
where they rerun like, I think over like 80,000 notebooks.
and only 24% of them completed without error, but--
- Oh my goodness.
(Kedro laughs)
- And then there's a very small part of that
that had the same result
when the notebook was finished running.
- Yeah, wow, very interesting.
- The other part that Kedro has is the version datasets.
So not only like just running the code itself,
but you can check out like an exact version of the code
or the version of the data that was ran last time.
- Okay, so you sort of store the data as well?
Like, instead of just versioning just the source code
or the notebook, you also version the data?
- Yep, that's an option as you're creating
your catalog entries.
It's as simple as just putting versioned equals true,
pretty much, on most of the databases.
- Oh, that's really cool, really cool.
Ivan, how about your thoughts on
this reproducibility, maintainability side of data science?
- Yeah, I think that's essentially why we started Kedro
because here at QB, when we were going to clients
and we needed to be able to,
if anyone has worked at a consultancy,
you know that sometimes you need to rotate people,
you need to move people from one place to another,
and the pace is quite high.
And when people end up in a, like in the midway,
like in the middle of a project, there is quite a long onboarding time, which is probably a week or
more than that. And that's super expensive for a client to pay for one extra person just to read the code that was written to
that point.
Moreover, when you hand over code, it can't be just notebooks.
So
we ended up resorting to, okay, having different stages where you do things in notebooks,
then you need to convert them in another programming language,
and then you have an extra person doing that.
And obviously, that conversion wasn't done
due to the limited time in the best way possible.
So it was quite hard to have this workflow
of making a reproducible code
without sacrificing speed and agility.
And out of that need that was how the initial versions of Kedro were born.
I think notebooks are super useful as well, but they are definitely not for production
code. They're for exploring, for trying out, doing some different things, just basically a working
session. And I like the name notebook because it's essentially you're just catching things in a
a notebook. The thing is that what we see is people end up using those in production and
yeah I think that's that makes it hard. You already explained like all of you mentioned
some of the issues. How do you manage that and how do you deal with credentials with traditional
stuff? And for me when I was coming from different software background joining a data company and I
And I was like, where are the frameworks here?
Like there was no frameworks, everything was platforms.
And there was no way for you to start a project.
And I found that super interesting.
- Not like cookie cutter type of templates
and those kinds of things for generating it.
Like, here's how we integrate with all of our other libraries
and infrastructure and just go, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
That wasn't there.
and it was quite hard to align on a similar process.
And it reminded me a lot to early days of web development
when everyone had their own PHP scripts that they would make
and people didn't use frameworks a lot
and then things moved on from there.
And for me, that's how it felt.
It was very interesting.
I think it was very interesting initially because of this,
like, okay, how do we bring that to people
whose job is not to build software,
but their job is to build models?
And these are different skill sets, right?
So, yeah.
- Yeah, I've talked about how there's, sorry.
I've talked about how there's these skills
that data scientists should learn
from software development, software engineering.
And that's true, it would help them a lot.
But there's also a lot of skills that data scientists
and people in engineering and economics and biology
have the, as software developers like you and I, we don't know the inner details of gene editing or
mitochondria or whatever. To be fair, it's not to put them in a negative light, it's just
some of these skills are not learned along the traditional path and so it does make things
like reproducibility hard. Yeah, that's why I think the data is a very, you know, the data
landscape is a very nice place because it's a very creative mix of people from different
backgrounds for that reason and I think what software engineers can do is
help those people to be the most effective, the most productive with what skills they already have.
And maybe just teach them just enough software engineering practices so they can
go ahead. They don't need to be experts in two things. You can never be a full expert in
software engineering and then biology and DNA and all that. And if we go that way and
require people to be full-blown experts, that's I think the wrong path. These are ways just to
equip them with the tools. - Especially in Python. The ethos of Python is that it's kind of,
you can be very effective with a partial understanding of what it is. And if you
require them to be full data scientists, then it's something different for sure.
So let's talk about Kendro specifically in terms of not just the philosophies and some of the goals,
but what is it? When I first heard of it, I thought, "Okay, this feels a little bit like
one of these data pipeline type of programs,
like Luigi or something like that.
But that's not quite right, is it, Vituende?
- No, it's not quite right,
because we really do dial in on that focus
of software engineering best practice first,
implemented on code.
So we think about things like a project template
for you to know where to store different parts of your code.
I actually think, then we've also got a data catalog,
which manages how you load and save data.
We've also got a way for users to interact with configuration
for the first time as well.
So removing what would have been maybe configuration
because of their loading and saving paths for data
out of the code, as well as things like removing parameters
and even implementing logging.
And then we also think around being able to have
our own pipeline abstraction as well,
which is why everyone gets excited and thinks
the Kedro is kind of like Luigi Airflow.
I think we get grouped with Daxter as well,
all these different pipeline abstractions,
but we really do focus on that journey of like,
how do we even write code that's worth deploying?
Which is a kind of like a different focus,
because when you get to, our expectation is like,
when you get into Prefect, Daxter, Luigi, Airflow,
you really have a code base that's worth deploying.
And you just really need to think about like,
I want it to run at 7am on Monday.
- Right, or based on this trigger
when a file shows up in Blob storage or whatever, right?
- Yeah, which is a completely different focus.
And we think that we call that group the orchestrators
are really good at what they do.
But in terms of that whole process
of leading up to a code base that's worth deploying,
that's actually what Kedro handles best.
- Yeah, cool.
You guys wanna add anything to that?
Or is it good?
Maybe Ivan can go a bit more into functionality,
what it has to do with Kedra.
- Yeah, I think I can't add anything
after you get this excellent introduction.
I think that's, initially that's the main thing
we were asked for is like,
oh, why don't we use Airflow instead?
And we're not exactly the same.
So you can just use Kedra and Airflow together.
And in fact, actually now we have a plugin
because we connected with them
and it was a very nice collaboration we had.
But I think just to underline the main difference is,
you know, like all of those tools,
they came out from big tech companies
that already had good processes.
- Yeah, like for example,
Luigi comes from Spotify and so on, right?
- So Luigi from Spotify, Airflow from Airbnb,
and like, those are big tech companies.
They have uniform, like, or at least they have a big team
that is taking care of the infrastructure.
So you own the infrastructure, you own everything.
You just need to put it there,
like run your Airflow instance
and then run your code there.
And for us, we come from consultancies
where you don't know what infrastructure
you'll find at your client.
So there is no way for us to say,
okay, this is the scheduler we're gonna use.
And it was really--
- Yeah, you also don't know
what sort of team you're dropping into.
Is it a large, highly professional,
experienced software team,
or is it a bunch of research scientists
who need a little help on the software side?
Yeah, absolutely. Also, the team, you don't know any of that.
And the thing is that we need to have some transferable skills
within our teams when you work on one project here and there,
so the next time you're more efficient and more productive,
even though you're changing project.
And that's the main difference here with Kedro and those orchestrators,
that we don't have that assumption on the infrastructure, as Yetto mentioned.
We focus on how to make something that's worth deploying.
And then once you need to deploy it, at least that's very hard to achieve, but this is what
we strive for, is to make Kedro deployable basically anywhere.
If it's managed service in AWS, or if it's Airflow, or maybe they have an astronomer
offering which is basically managed airflow. If you need any of that, Kedro should be able
to run on all of this. But during the development process, you don't need to use their primitives
to create your nodes and deal with all the extra work. The data scientists or data engineers,
They don't need to care about,
okay, what is an Airflow operator
or like these kinds of things.
- So does this mean that you're able to swap out
these different data pipelines?
Like if, for example, I had a company,
we started on Luigi and we're like,
oh, we really want to move to Airflow.
If we'd written our stuff in Kedro,
would it make that easier?
- I would say yes.
(laughing)
- Okay.
>> I guess you can always make code not portable, but yeah.
>> You know, one of the options that hasn't been mentioned yet is the one we're using,
which is just the Kedro Docker plugin.
So Kedro works very nicely inside of Docker.
So you know, despite all the nice orchestrators out there, there's also the backup plan of
just put it in Docker and that can run virtually anywhere as well.
Yeah, sometimes that is really nice.
I know there's all this stuff as a service to help me out, but I'm just going the simple
route and running it this way.
Alright, let's talk about some of the features.
You talked about the lack of some kind of template to get started, and that's the first
feature listed here, so maybe you can tell folks about this.
Sure, yeah, so I think that was probably the first one we implemented when we were rebuilding
this thing because what we found out is like lots of data scientists, they were naturally
using like some cookie cutter templates.
Yeah.
Okay, this is my project, this is the structure I like.
And then we had a big discussion with many different data scientists how to implement
this.
So we set out on a, like the,
I would say the least common denominator.
I don't know how to say that,
but like the thing that will be the bare minimum
that you will need for starting a project.
- The minimal set that everyone is gonna use.
One of the things I really dislike about templates,
these types of project templates,
and I see them all over the place,
is, oh, here's how you use this template to get started.
And the template says, okay, what we're gonna do
we're going to set up Celery as your backend worker,
we're going to set up Postgres as your database,
we're going to set up SQLAlchemy as your data layer,
we're going to set up X, and you end up with 10 things.
You're like, I only want four of these,
but the four it's helping with is really useful,
but then I got to hunt through and get the others out.
And it's just, you do want to aim for this minimal side
because while it's nice to have support for the other things,
like if you foisted upon people and they're like,
this is more junk than I,
I'm using less than half of this, so this is not useful for me.
So that was your philosophy to go more minimalist on it.
Yeah, absolutely. Even though, because at that time it was an internal tool,
we had some stakeholders that we had to appease.
Like there was, we had internally a very well-developed data engineering convention,
and then they absolutely wanted to have the, you know, in the template,
we need to have the folders with those layers in the data engineering.
And I think you can still find that in Kedro.
So there are these kind of things that we needed to do,
but they're not necessarily, okay, you don't need to use them,
that you can remove a lot of those.
And now further down the line,
we ended up introducing something called starters.
And this is essentially, you can have a custom template
that you can start from.
And people are using them to create their own custom projects
for their organizations.
- Yeah, I think that's a great idea.
- Yeah, and we're using cookie cutter behind the scenes,
which means like, another thing that we wanted to do
is to not reinvent the wheel
and use standard tools out there.
If the Python world is using cookie cutter,
there is no reason for us not to use it, right?
And we went with that,
and that's how I settled on the template system.
- Yeah, nice.
- And you talked about, or Kedro talks about on the homepage
how it uses the cookie cutter data science,
cookie cutter template, which is--
- Logic.
- How much of that is that?
Or have you kind of moved beyond that?
- I think we moved beyond that.
It was mainly, that's what the inspiration was.
It's not like we're using it, but more like it was,
it was inspired by this because we found out like
a few users back then, they used that one.
And it was fairly sane.
I mean, if you don't need a framework,
I think it's quite a good starting point.
So if you don't need a full blown Kedro setup,
I would recommend that one.
And we said, okay, how can we build upon that and like make,
obviously we started from scratch,
not copying any of their templating,
but saying, okay, this is a very good example
what we can be, and then how can we achieve the same thing
but achieving our goals for making this framework.
And that's how we settled on.
And I think we still honor it because I think it was
a good inspiration for us in our documentation.
- Yeah, very nice.
I love it.
And definitely thumbs up on using something
like Cookie Cutter, right?
There's already so many templates out there
that people are using, people are somewhat familiar
with the idea and they maybe know how to extend it, right?
So no need to go write your own macro language
or something crazy.
- Yeah.
- All right, next main feature is the data catalog.
Who wants to take that one?
- I'd actually put it to Weilong, are you a big user?
You seem like you're a big user of the data catalog,
do you wanna talk about it?
- One thing I was gonna mention here,
Michael mentioned that you get like from a template a lot of times you get a thing that's
got everything that you need and then a bunch of stuff you don't need.
I think one thing that plays well with Kedro is this catalog.
And so at the catalog I can kind of, you know, abstractly tell Kedro where my data is and
what type it is.
So that catalog can load things from Pandas, Spark, Dask.
From databases, there's a pretty long list
of data sources that it can load from.
So I don't need to change the template
based on what my underlying data is or where it's stored.
- That's really nice.
A lot of times when you're thinking of data,
the abstractions are you can switch between MySQL,
Microsoft SQL Server, and Postgres,
between Spark and a relational database or cloud storage or something like that.
That's a lot of flexibility.
One really nice feature I like that was added in the 16 series is it's built on FS-spec under the hood.
So you can have data sitting on S3, GCP, or your local file system,
and all you do is change your file path.
Maybe like a slight tweak to your requirements.txt.
But other than that, Kedro just knows how to load data
into whatever object type you ask for.
- Yeah, very nice.
Also helps on the data science side,
if you're not super familiar with like
remote blob storage APIs, you don't have to learn that, right?
Which is good. Cool.
Another thing to maybe mention is if you don't need the full
Kedro template, you don't need the pipeline
and everything, you can use Kedro's catalog by itself.
So maybe if you're just starting a notebook
or just starting a project in a notebook, you might want to move it
you can start putting your catalog together as a
Kedro catalog from the start.
Nice, and then maybe as you move it more into
source files,
it like part of that's already done,
right? Yep, you're closer to the destination.
Yep, and you can. You can use their loaders and
savers so that you don't have to write any sort
of saving and loading.
Code manually, yeah. Nice.
All right, next one is pipeline abstraction,
automatic resolution of dependencies
between pure Python functions
and data pipeline visualizations.
And you all have a cool visualizer there
of a whole lot of stuff going on here.
I can zoom in here, but like this really interesting
visualizer of what's happening.
You know, who wants to sort of tell us
what this one's about?
I would happily take this one and I leave the starting status to yet
I really wanted to take that one because I want to kind of promote using using more the API of the pipeline
I think this is probably one of the best things we've done and and it was kind of a find that we had is
Like what is it?
What is the pipeline in our sense and how I think that's probably one of the things that makes Kedro different than
and other tools.
We treat each processing node as a pure function.
So what you need to do is just to write a pure function
that you have inputs and outputs,
you return stuff and that's all you need to do.
And then you need to announce that in a pipeline
that, okay, I'm gonna use that function.
We'll have those inputs from the catalog
that Waylon was talking about.
and they're just aliases to those references in the catalog.
And then when I'm done with that function,
then I'll save them to those datasets.
And you don't need to know, okay,
what's the order of execution or like any of that.
You just need to think locally.
You need to think about that function you're dealing with.
Okay, I need maybe in this example
that we have on the screen,
like people who are listening, they might not be able to see,
but let's say you have an input to a function,
and let's say factory train, in that example we have,
and that's your input,
and then you want to remove the no columns,
and that's your function.
And then--
- Sorry, I'm bringing it back up,
I know you're trying to read a lot.
- Yeah, and then let's say you have a,
let's say we call the output a clean factory input,
or what was it?
So that's all you need to think about.
How to solve that locally.
You don't need to think how that would fit in globally.
And then once you add enough of those functions,
then the connection,
those dependencies, because you announce them in your inputs and your outputs,
they'll be figured out by Kedro,
and then you know this graph, the visualization,
will be drawn for you out of your code,
and then you can use that for running your code in that particular order.
And why I say that we are so proud of this?
Because using these pure functions and connecting them as pipelines
gave us a lot of ability to reuse code and reuse parts of the pipelines
without really taking care of where the data is.
So you just work on a pipeline level and the connections,
and then the data catalog would load and save things for you.
And that made it super, super easy for us
to scale the types of projects we can build.
We started off with very small pipelines,
and now we have, maybe Yetu can talk more about this,
but we have projects which have hundreds of nodes
internally in QB.
- So, yeah. - Yeah.
Yeah, if you look at this, there's a lot going on here.
And I really appreciate the idea of being able to just focus
in on small pieces.
It brings me back to your idea of talking about, well,
let's just write a .php file and start just--
I'm going to start writing HTML, and I'm
going to start writing some SQL query,
and I'm going to write some more markup.
It's just all from scratch, and there's zero structure,
and there's zero support.
So if you're going to do something like that,
and like all at once, all at the same time.
Whereas, you know, compare that to like a modern framework
like Flask, all you do is write the view method.
You don't care about how the template gets rendered.
You don't care about how the process comes in
or finding the verbs to figure out.
You just like, I know when I get here, Flask got me here.
I do the five lines of code that I gotta do and we're good.
And I feel like this is real similar, right?
- Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
- Yeah, you write a function that says
unify timestamp column name,
or you write a function called remove null columns.
Like you can definitely do that.
That's not challenging,
but if you look at this overall workflow,
it looks like there's a lot going on here.
- Yeah, yeah.
And I really liked that you brought that analogy
with frameworks, with view and like these things,
because the more we started building that,
the more it was very similar for me.
I mean, I've done some Ruby on Rails before
and actually the pipeline sounded like the root file.
So you would have different roots,
Like, okay, what is the, how do you register on this URL?
This is the action I would call
and actions here are our notes.
- Right, and what data is provided to it
and things and so on, yeah, all that.
- So the data that's provided to it is basically,
you know, the URL endpoints and maybe the post data
and things like that.
And then the output is your views, for example,
in traditional framework.
The only difference here is that your inputs
outputs their data. They're not URL data coming from the request and then the response is
not a view but actually again saving to the data. And there is one subtle difference here
is that you have dependencies between different routes. Where in web frameworks, they're fairly
independent, right? It's a stateless thing. Where here, it's still stateless but you have
dependencies between different parts of the route. And maybe here comes the real reason
wanted to talk about a pipeline was that this abstraction done this way gives you
kind of like an algebra that you can use to combine pipelines to have pre-built pipelines and
then plus them together or maybe just join them together or remove things from them or maybe saying
because it's a tree like a ends up being dark they're directed acyclic graph it means like
I want to get this sub pipeline that produces that output.
And then it will remove everything.
- Maybe you're like saying,
I only care about the output at the say,
fifth function, this round timestamps thing.
And it could strip off a whole bunch of the other pieces.
'Cause it's like, well, all this other stuff
is not involved in this part of the chain of the pipeline,
like reversing the acyclic graph.
- Yeah, exactly.
And you don't need to do anything.
You just need to say pipeline two and then specify.
So we have a bunch of methods that you can use.
And unfortunately they're underutilized.
Like people don't really use them.
And then when we ask like, "Oh, how can I do that?"
And it's like, "Oh, there is one method call."
And people are like, "Oh, that's so cool."
It's like, maybe we need to improve our documentation
and that's all.
- Yeah, yeah.
Maybe you should go on a podcast and tell people about it.
I think that's why I want to use the opportunity.
Yeah, absolutely, you should.
Yatun, do you want to elaborate on some of these larger pipelines that you'll have going?
So, I mean, definitely, this will actually speak a lot to the collaborative way that you can work
once you're using the Kedro pipelines, because now your team sessions can easily become something like,
"Okay, I know I need to work on these three key functions, because we know this is what we want this pipeline to do."
And then you split out the work and work accordingly to produce those specific nodes and functions.
- With, I guess, also, one of the things that I'd like to call out about the pipeline abstraction
is that you definitely do get KedroVis for free on top of it. So it's a pipeline visualization
tool. It's really cool because it allows you to give kind of like a bird's-eye view of
what's going on in the pipeline, so you can actually understand how different things are
Some of the ways our users have used it are ways that we didn't imagine it was originally
created for being able to talk to non-technical users or stakeholders about the way that the
code base was structured instead of diving into code and showing them, "Hey, here's how
the code works," because they'd be like, "I don't know what's going on here."
But they can see the diagram.
But we've also found our users will do things like debugging with KedroViz to find out,
something doesn't appear right in my pipeline
and then figure out what's going on there.
And in some ways, we've actually extended
some of that functionality.
So you'll see that there's now like a code viewer
for you to interact with your code.
And we have some, I guess, maybe exciting things
planned down the line when we're talking about the roadmap.
We'll be able to allude to some of the work
that we're doing with experiment tracking,
which will extend Kit Reviews a bit further.
So, yeah. - Nice.
Yeah, you can definitely tell if you've got a dependency mismatch
and the order is wrong or something.
You could see, "Oh, this one is supposed to be after that one,"
and it's really nice. The visualizers, it's nice.
You've kind of got this map thing you can cruise around on.
For people who are listening, I'll definitely put this in the show notes
so you can open it up and explore it.
There's a pretty elaborate pipeline here to explore.
Does this do anything with runtime,
or is it just for visualizing the static structure?
- It's actually just for visualizing the static structure.
We often find, we've tried to skirt away
from what we call the orchestrator UI interface,
'cause it takes us a bit too much,
I mentioned into that realm of like,
where we would prefer the orchestrators to play a part.
So for now, it's just a static viewer
of what's going on in your code base.
- Yeah, no, this is great.
I feel like a lot of projects would benefit
from this kind of stuff, not just data science things, right?
Like, I'd like this kind of view of my code
for other things as well.
- We have found people using,
KedroVis is also available as a React app
and people use it in, without Kedro.
So we'll find that they will build,
one of the most common use cases we've seen
built on top of KedroVis is data lineage,
but specifically column level lineage
that people will want to visualize.
So they end up using the React app for that.
I also have a friend who was playing a game.
He's actually one of the former maintainers on Kedro,
KedroViz and Kedro, where he was playing a game
where he needed to work out how to build,
I don't know what this game is called.
How to build-- - It was Factorio.
Factorio. - Factorio, yeah.
(laughing)
You basically look at how to build up your factory,
I think, or something like that,
and use the different elements in the factory.
And he used KedroViz to visualize
what he should be doing in his factory.
So yeah, there's different ways.
- Oh, that's funny.
I guess you can visualize lots of things with it, how neat.
All right, the next main feature here is deployment.
- One comment I had on the pipeline was,
so you know, you get a task to do on your sprint,
you sit down to work for the day,
and if you're not in this Kedroke type of,
or this framework mode, a lot of times it's like,
okay, open the notebook or open the script
and I've got to run to a certain point to start my work
'cause I've got to have that data in memory.
Or that's my option or I'm manually saving things
along the way, both have their downsides.
But so a lot of times it's like,
okay, I'm gonna run the notebook
and then I'm gonna go grab coffee.
And maybe when I get back, I can start my work.
- Yeah. - So Kedro is saving
each one of these points in the background along the way.
So when I get a task and it's like,
hey, you gotta put a node in between these two,
I can start right away
'cause the data's already sitting there.
- Oh, that's cool.
- I can also use the pipeline DAG object,
like Ivan mentioned,
to just run that section of pipeline I'm working on
as I'm working.
- Interesting, it's a little bit like
just rerun the failing tests,
or just this one test or something like that
in the unit testing world,
like instead of trying to rerun the entire test suite
for every little change.
Yeah, that's a cool thing.
All right, you did talk about the deployment stuff before,
so maybe you wanna touch on some of the deployment stuff?
- I guess it will just be a quick mention.
So what we do support are two deployment plugins right now.
The first one is Kedro Docker,
which packages your Kedro project in a Docker container.
And the second one is Kedro Airflow,
which was built with the Airflow astronomer team,
which will take your Kedro pipeline
and convert it into an Airflow DAG
so that you can run it on Airflow.
But we also do support in our documentation,
like a few guides on how to deploy Kedro on Prefect,
on Kubeflow, on AWS Batch, AWS SageMaker,
and AWS Databricks as well, one of them.
- I always feel like with AWS and Azure,
there's just no matter how much I studied,
there's like three more things
that are sort of similar to what are there,
but they're different.
So like I know batch, but not the one you named after that.
- Yeah, that's definitely the case.
I believe it's AWS Databricks.
But you can kind of use the same methodology
if you're working with Azure Databricks as well
to deploy things there.
Ivan alluded to the fact that we do really pride
on flexible deployment,
because we don't know
what is your internal infrastructure like?
and therefore should be able to support
the most generalizable case to do that.
So you can definitely check out those guides.
I know if there are guides missing,
just raise GitHub issues and we'll look at it.
As well, we added a growing tally of mentions
of things that we haven't heard people
necessarily using with Kedro.
So yeah, it's worth checking out.
- Yeah.
And it's open source if people want to add
new deployment stories, it can go and PRs are accepted.
Is that true?
Yeah, write up a guide and we'll take it.
We have a great sense of contributing guide
that's available on our documentation too,
that shows you how to make, I mean, PRs across like,
whether it's features or minor tech improvements
or bug fixes, as well as documentation too,
'cause we like to write our docs.
- Yeah, that's important.
- And coming into October, it's Hucktober,
so people can come in and I think,
we will be really, really grateful
for adding more deployment.
'Cause no matter how many you have,
you will always run out of,
or maybe differently,
like no matter how many you have,
you always don't have everything.
And there is always someone would come in like,
by the way, how do you deploy it on this AWS, whatever,
the new thing that they have?
It's like, how do I know?
It's like, this is the first time I hear about it.
So there is always room for more.
And this is the thing that we would really,
really love help with.
So if you want to find something to contribute to
for this October, maybe that could be Kedro.
- Yeah, that'd be awesome.
Yeah, I periodically will get in October contributions
to like, for example, my course projects,
the GitHub repos for them.
And it would be like slight changing in the wording.
So like if it says the Kedro documentation
includes three examples to help you get started.
They might say, to help you get started,
the documentation contains three examples.
There's a PR, so it counts.
I'm like, so I just got to go through and close them.
So please, people listening, just a minor,
useful contribution.
But yeah, it would be great to work on this, right?
And I feel like these types of pipelines
are very accessible because they narrow the focus so much.
When you get down to certain tasks and certain things,
you don't have to understand the whole project.
just how do you do this other task slightly differently?
- Yeah, absolutely.
And I'm pretty sure that talking about contributors,
like if it's just change of words,
we might not have T-shirt for you.
If you're adding a guide,
we will definitely send out a T-shirt.
- Oh, nice, awesome.
T-shirts are included, not just passing Hacktoberfest.
Okay, so one of the things I find is a little tricky
is always talking through
or like thinking through an example
of these kinds of things.
are very neat, but they also sometimes feel pretty abstract.
So even you maybe want to talk us through
just this like "Hello World" example.
I know it's hard to talk about code on audio,
so not exactly, but just give us a sense
of what it means to write one of these pipelines.
- Yeah, sure.
So maybe starting from the first one is,
I think in the "Hello World" example,
we have, we show like what a node is,
and it's not very different than a function,
it's just a function actually.
And your function, we accept two types of nodes,
actually three types of nodes,
nodes that have only inputs,
nodes that have only outputs,
or nodes that have both inputs and outputs.
We don't accept functions that don't have
neither inputs nor outputs, for obvious reasons,
because that doesn't do much.
And you can start with your own function.
Let's say you can call it return greeting,
which will just return hello.
And--
- So just let me elaborate on that first thing.
So what you have is a Python function
that takes no parameters and returns a string.
But the thing that's notable about this
is it doesn't have a decorator
or some other special thing about it.
It's literally just a bare Python function
that has nothing to do with Kedro per se.
- Yeah, absolutely.
So the reason why we did it this way
was to allow all kinds of people just to create functions.
Like if you don't know decorators and these kind of things,
you don't need to know that.
And then the second one is,
you might actually use functions from libraries
that were not at all designed to be part of our framework.
So, you know, if you're importing a function,
you cannot add decorator on that one.
Well, there is ways, obviously, in Python, always.
But it's not very intuitive.
So we just work with pure functions.
How that gets turned into a node is actually
more curious here.
And then we have a,
it happens through a helper function we have,
which is called node, conveniently.
And then you provide your function,
And you provide your inputs and outputs as strings.
So these are the three things you can add.
So for example, for this return greeting function,
your inputs would be none,
so because you don't have any inputs,
and your outputs could be a string
which says my salutation.
That's in our, how we've done in the Hello World example.
So this will create a note in Kedro sense,
which you can embed later in a pipeline.
- Nice, and then here the output has a static,
is that like the name of the output
so you can use it in the pipeline?
- Yeah, correct.
So you can think of them as-- - Not the value,
but like the name so you can refer to it later on, right?
- Yeah, exactly.
So you can think of them as variables in a way,
as a variable that variable,
like you can define where to store that valuable
through the data catalog later.
- Yeah, very nice.
So it seems super easy.
You have also a more elaborate example.
It says a space flights tutorial.
So people wanna, what is this?
We don't have to talk to it,
just if people wanna go and play with it.
What is this one?
- I really wanted to introduce it
because initially when we were thinking of an example,
I think she came up with the idea
to make it more of a space flight.
And we actually, it was quite funny that this led
to something more interesting that Yetu can share about.
- Yeah, nice.
- So it's actually, I think it was actually Dimitri
that did this, he was a former maintainer
on the Kedro project.
But the scenario for this tutorial is that
at the year 2160, you're somehow a data scientist
predicting the price of space flights to the moon and back.
and you have access to three data sources,
information about companies that are flying people
to the moon, reviews on their shuttles that they have,
and then also the customer reviews that they've given
while working with those companies.
And the whole thing is you just wanna predict
the price of a space flight.
So if you go through the tutorial,
you'll get acquainted with all the way
from beginner functionality, like install Kedro,
set up my project template,
all the way to kind of intermediate,
just before intermediate functionality in Kedro.
So you get up to speed in about like an hour,
an hour and a half in total
as you go through the full tutorial.
And it will teach you all the basics of like,
how do I use the project template?
How do I use the data catalog?
How do I construct my pipeline?
How do I visualize my pipeline?
And how do I package my project as well?
So it's really useful for getting up to speed on that.
But we've had a really great time
with the Space Flights project
because we found out that NASA,
a team at NASA was using Kedro,
so it was almost like a dream.
- Oh, nice.
- When we discovered that,
'cause it was like we went full circle
and went to the moon with them.
- They're actually doing space flights, amazing.
- Yeah, I'm pretty sure they chose us
only because of our tutorial.
- We were thinking Luigi, but then we saw this tutorial
and we knew this was the one.
Now, it is really neat.
I do love these imaginative examples and tutorials
rather than something really boring,
like, oh, let's build a to-do list
and here's how we're gonna do it.
Like, okay.
No, this sounds really fun.
So if people wanna get a sense
for what it's like to work with Kendra,
you recommend this as the tutorial
to work through to get started?
- Definitely recommend this.
And then there are a few online resources
if you wanna use them.
We have a blogger, I mean, he's been inactive for a while,
but he still has really good YouTube tutorials.
Search for Data Engineer 1 and look for his walkthrough
of the tutorial there.
It's also very handy for getting up to speed
if you want a video kind of like workflow
as you go through the tutorial.
But we are gonna be piloting some live stream workshops
of us working through the tutorial ourselves
later on in the year.
So definitely do look out for that on,
I think probably the Quantum Black YouTube will have them.
And then also, oh yeah, you can actually see,
- First I gotta get through the ad for people to see it.
I'm not logged in over here, but yeah, there we go.
- Perfectly fine.
So yeah, that's Data Engineer One in action.
And then I definitely recommend either joining in
on those live streams as we host them
or the follow up YouTube videos as we do them.
- Yeah, cool.
I'll link to the, some of the YouTube videos
for people to go check out there.
Very nice.
So we're getting pretty short on time.
Even maybe one thing we could just do to wrap this up
is maybe, I know you talked about some of the cool libraries
and stuff you used to build this.
Maybe you could just talk a little bit briefly
about the internals and some of the fun things
you use there.
- Sure, so I think probably good libraries
that worth mentioning,
And maybe I will not use the time to talk too much about Kedrus internals, but just
to have a shout out for nice libraries that we found out.
One thing that Waylon already mentioned was FS-spec.
I think that was amazing.
And we really found it super useful.
I think it is in the Anaconda ecosystem,
developed by some of the people there.
And the good news is that actually
it's also becoming part of Pandas.
So whenever you're doing load CSV
in the newest version of Pandas,
they use FS-Pack as well.
Oh yeah, now it says it's also in Dask, Pandas,
even DVC and many other things.
This has been really, really useful
because it simplified a lot of our code about the data sets.
We didn't have to, previously we had the data set for S3,
we had a data set for GCP and GCS
and Azure Blob Store and all of that.
I don't know, it's super annoying
because they do exactly the same thing.
You do it like many times,
just changing endpoints and things like that.
it was super frustrating to maintain it.
And when we have many of those datasets,
it was super frustrating.
And when this came out, it simplified basically,
maybe reduced our code base for datasets
three times or something like that.
- Wow, yeah, 'cause they do that abstraction for you.
- Yeah. - And you just
pass it along, right?
- Yeah, so if someone wants to treat a remote database
as kind of like a local file,
I think FSpec is really useful too.
- Cool, let's see, another one that you had mentioned
was Dynaconf.
- Yeah, that's a quite nice one.
We started using it recently.
What we wanted to do in Kedro, because we are a framework,
and there is some framework code
that needs to call user code.
And that's a bit challenging,
because you don't know what the package name of the user,
because the user will create their own code,
they will choose a package name
and you don't know what to import from.
So we came up with a pattern
that was actually applied by Django,
which you kind of configure project by their package name
and then you load some of the settings.
So if people know Django,
know that they have an extensive way of doing settings in order to configure different things
in Django.
How DynaCode helped us with that is because it was a very extensive, like very clean abstraction
to do lazy loading of settings.
And why did we need lazy loading of settings?
For example, you might have multiple pipelines in Kedro.
One of them would not be completed.
There could be some errors in it.
But you still want to run the other pipeline.
And if you eagerly load all of that, then your code will fail for no reason.
- Right, right.
Even if you weren't actually gonna end up running that part, if there's any error.
It's almost like a compiled language versus a dynamic language.
- Yeah.
And here, Python shines, right?
is you can have things like Dynaconf,
where you don't need to compile that path.
So it helped us a lot with making those settings loaded
lazily, because there were different things.
You can add validators to validate settings and so on.
It's fairly extensive, too.
I recommend people to read their documentation.
You can use it for many things.
So yeah, I think it's a nice patch we stumbled on.
- Yeah, yeah, very neat.
All those are great recommendations.
So with just a little bit of time left,
let's wrap up our conversation
with where things are going.
And Yotinda, maybe wanna give us a roadmap,
future view of what people who are maybe using Kedron now
are like, what's coming?
So I guess maybe the next upcoming feature
that you'll start to see being rolled out
is experiment tracking in Kedro.
So what we're doing is, Kedro is already,
I think Weilan spoke to it,
are really aware of being able to save your datasets.
And for us, our data catalog could apply to models as well.
So we already had some form of model versioning in Kedro.
But what we really needed to extend,
and we already have the concept of parameters too,
so inputs, but what we really needed to do
was think around how do we think about features
and how do we think about metrics
coming out of the pipeline as well.
And those are the two additions that we've made
kind of as additional datasets in the Kedro framework too.
And then the last thing that we had to think around
was like how do we collect all of these things
as one unit or one experiment?
That concept is actually very,
it's actually been implemented on the framework side.
So you can really start to interact with the,
you know, the experiment tracking functionality there,
but a lot of the massive changes are going to be done on the front end,
where you'll be able to look at the list of experiments that you've run,
compare them as well, and then we'll be building up the functionality as we see fit,
including probably MLflow model registry and model serving integration as well.
And that's probably going to be done through our data catalog as well.
Oh, that's cool. Is that if I go to the trouble to train up a model and it takes a day,
I can store that and other people can just pull it down
and use it without spending another day.
Exactly. So that's the large thinking around it.
So yeah, you can definitely look forward to that.
There's some open issues on our GitHub repository around configuration.
So I do suggest if users have interacted with Kedro
and you've had issues with scaling configuration,
please do check it out and give us comment there,
because that will decide whether or not,
when we pick those issues up based on user responses there.
So yeah, that's what I think you can look forward to.
- Fantastic.
All right, even I think we're gonna take your two libraries
you mentioned as the notable PyPI projects
just for the sake of time since we're kind of over.
So I'll just do one final question for everyone out there.
And that's, if you're gonna write some Python code,
what editor do you use?
Even you wanna go first?
- I'm sorry, what's the name of the Python support?
- IntelliJ. - IntelliJ.
- From Java and Scala. - So basically the Python support in full-on IntelliJ, right? Yeah. - Yeah, and not PyCharm, but IntelliJ. - Yep.
- Waylon? - Yeah. - Oh, sorry, go ahead. - Ivan says, like, no PyCharm, I'm full PyCharm. - Same here. - There's arguments on the team about this.
about this. Oh, is there? This is a point of contention. I see. That's that's funny,
because they're so similar, right? It's not like VS Code versus Fichar. How about you?
I'm an avid NeoVim user. You know, part of my, my workflow is being a lead data scientist is I
bounce between probably like a dozen projects a day between like actual running pipelines,
Or maybe it's a couple of our internal libraries
that help those things run.
And it's really nice to have something lightweight that
can run with pretty low resources.
Also, having it running in Tmux makes it easy to--
like a few keystrokes, I can go into a specific project.
The editors, they all tend to look the same.
And you have a bunch of projects looking the same.
It's very easy to edit the wrong one.
- Yeah, yeah, cool.
All right, a good recommendation.
All right, well, thank you all for being here.
Maybe final call to action.
People want to get started with Kedro,
bring it into the organization, try it out.
What do you all say?
- Well, you know how to get started.
Get into the Spaceflight tutorial
and then just shout if you have any issues.
We're up on Discord
and we also do have a GitHub discussions page as well.
So you can just flag,
we help users across the different levels
of where they find themselves.
So definitely we do that.
- Yeah.
And I guess,
Quantum Black does consulting for Kedro.
So if people have these projects and they're like,
I'm not sure we can handle this ourselves,
they could probably hire you all, right?
- We've never quite had that level of interaction.
It's only that a Quantum Black data science
and data engineering team will go out
use Kedro as part of a larger engagement on like how to solve a business problem. So you can
definitely learn Kedro through that way. But here in the open source community as we move
in the open source space it would definitely be through the channels that we have available.
Cool. But one thing to mention is like if people want to engage with Quantum
Lab because they know about Kedro, please mention that.
- Yeah, I mean, like, I found it because of kids,
we have a kids routine, so that, you know, we get the kids.
(laughing)
- Yeah, yeah.
Awesome, yeah, I bring that up because
there's different ways to support open source, right?
I mean, there's the MongoDB model,
where they sell MongoDB as a service
and Atlas and all that.
There's, you know, like Tidelift, there's GitHub support,
but here's like yet another way in which this project
is being grown and being supported
because it's supporting you all doing your work.
- Yeah, so I mean, if that's the case,
then I'll definitely say we do really want to be able
to help a lot of people in the industry as well,
because we know that it's needed.
And we obviously recognize that as a framework,
especially in the data science space,
we are a bit of a first mover.
So we suffer a lot of like first mover pains
where people are like, why on earth do I need a framework?
I don't need a framework.
So if you help us with breaking through those barriers,
like, please go for it and be an advocate.
And I guess in the sense, be a Kidroid.
- Right on.
All right, Etunde, Waylon,
even thank you all for being here.
It's been great to learn about Kidro
and great to chat with you.
- It's been awesome.
Thank you so much.
- Yeah, thank you.
- Bye.
- Thanks, Michael.
Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]